README.md, before:

# TRIANGLE TRACKER
#### This application helps the user to know whether a triangle is isosceles, equilateral, scalene or NOT a triangle at all.{Date of current version 1/6/2019}
#### AUTHOR
Vincent Ouma
## Description
This application is ment to help the user  to be able to determine what type of triangle he/she is dealing with.
The application help the user to distinguise the difference between equilateral triangle,scalene triangle and isoscelece triangle.
The aplication archives this by looking at the relationship between the size in length of the triangles.
For instance is the user has three value trianglur sides with two equal values the user is alerted isoscelece triange,while if all the sides are equal the user is alerted equilateral.
try out the application to enjoy .
The aplication is also able to disqualify values that can not form a triangle.



## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Git clone https://github.com/vincentouma/triangle-tracker-project.git
* Open the the the programm in a code editor of yuor choice.
* open the index.html in a browser 
* Folow instruction to use the application.


## Known Bugs
No known bugs currently but potential bug are welcome to be reported.
## Technologies Used
*HTML
*CSS
*JavaScripts
##Behavior driven development.

## Support and contact details
For any communications contact
email:vinceoumah@gmail.com
### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [TRIANGLE-TRACKER]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add behavior driven development to readme

README.md, after:

# TRIANGLE TRACKER
#### This application helps the user to know whether a triangle is isosceles, equilateral, scalene or NOT a triangle at all.{Date of current version 1/6/2019}
#### AUTHOR
Vincent Ouma
## Description
This application is ment to help the user  to be able to determine what type of triangle he/she is dealing with.
The application help the user to distinguise the difference between equilateral triangle,scalene triangle and isoscelece triangle.
The aplication archives this by looking at the relationship between the size in length of the triangles.
For instance is the user has three value trianglur sides with two equal values the user is alerted isoscelece triange,while if all the sides are equal the user is alerted equilateral.
try out the application to enjoy .
The aplication is also able to disqualify values that can not form a triangle.



## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Git clone https://github.com/vincentouma/triangle-tracker-project.git
* Open the the the programm in a code editor of yuor choice.
* open the index.html in a browser 
* Folow instruction to use the application.


## Known Bugs
No known bugs currently but potential bug are welcome to be reported.
## Technologies Used
*HTML
*CSS
*JavaScripts
##Behavior driven development.
Behavior
input
output
1.Blank form
No number keyed in
Alert enter value
2.Value keyed in <=0
Key in value <=0
 Alert not a triangle
3.Number keyed in should be equal
Value keyed in are equal
 Alert equilateral triangle
4.Any two sides must be equal
Two values keyed in out of three are equal.
Isosceles triangle
5.Both three sides must not be equal.
Three keyed in values are not equal.
Scalene triangle
6.Sum of two sides must be >= one side.
Value keyed in sum of any two sides is >=0
Triangle cant be formed.
7.All sides must be >0
Value keyed in is <0
Not a triangle.

## Support and contact details
For any communications contact
email:vinceoumah@gmail.com
### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [TRIANGLE-TRACKER]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
